So let's start by creating our real first table on dynamo ETP and to do that.
I'm going to have my own class for manipulating dynamo D-B so that we can make use of our dynamo D-B
client.
So I'm going to name this class simply as dynamo de And I'm going to first start by declaring my class
as dynamo ATP.
All right.
And after that I'm going to have of course my initialiser method so that I can pass in my client so
I can work with my nemo t.p.
And within this initialiser mentored of course I'm going to do this self-taught underscore client equals
the client that I'm passing in which is going to be of course dynamo DP and also one of the most important
parts of our lectures is Pi both are three which is autocomplete.
So for auto complete I'm going to put in my both or three type declaration so I can use the benefits
of autocomplete features of Pi both of three cell type and then pi both all three dot dynamo DBI.
All right.
So I can now create my table.
Let's just type in a method for creating a table and we can then check out what we're going to need
to create a table.
So first just add a print statement saying that we're creating dynamo db table
and then let's take out the API documentation return self-taught client datt create table.
So this is the method that we're going to need.
And as you can see there is the like whose list of the arguments for this method that we have to provide
but not all of them are required.
So to check out what is required and what is not.
Let's go back to our both of three API documentation.
And from there as you can see we have a nice list of arguments and properties for this method.
This is the create table documentation but to check out what is required and what is not.
And as you can see the attribute definition's is required.
And if you're providing an attribute definition then you're going to have to provide the attribute name
and attribute type to.
And of course you're going to have to provide a table name for your dynamic db table and definitely
going to have to provide a key schema for your database for your table actually.
And the other parts of this is our attribute name key type for of course the key schema and then the
rest of the index is local secondary index and global indexes are like basically the optional properties
for a dynamo db table.
As you can see here it doesn't say anything about required.
These are of course important parts of Dynamo DB But since we're not going to use them in this lecture
we don't have to define them.
So we're going to stick with the required properties and the very base schema of creating a dynamic
db table.
So now let's go back to our implementation and within our implementation.
Let's just first say our table name and for our properties.
I'm going to pass in everything from my method signature and let's say table.
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to set my table name to this table and then I'm going to provide
my attribute definitions which was a dictionary and I'm going to say attribute definitions and I'm going
to pass this in.
And after that I'm going to provide my key schema So let's say key schema and this also passes in to
the method and then I'm going to pro-white the provision throughput.
All right.
So let's also say IOPS.
So this is basically the same thing.
Let's just pass it in and here we go our basic table creation method is ready but how we're going to
pass these arguments in.
So to do that we're going to have to create a little class to actually test our implementation against
Dynamo OTB.
So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to create a helper class as managed dynamic.
DP So this is just basically for our separation of concerns about our implementation.
So I'm going to create manage dynamo D-B class and within this class what I'm going to do for us is
I'm going to import my dynamo Modibo client so I'm going to say as R C Klein factory and Dynamo D-B
client and also I'm going to get my implementation of Dynamo D-B from SIRC dynamo DP and again dynamo
DP.
All right.
So I'm going to add a simple method.
As for creating a table create dynamic db table just like that.
So what this method is going to do is it is first going to get the dynamo D-B client and then I'm going
to create my table with the arguments that I'm going to pass in.
So let's just say dynamically be Klein so that we can retrieve declined that we just implemented behind
the scenes.
And I'm going to get declined and then I'm going to get the actual implementation of dynamic D-B saying
dynamic ADP and then passing in the dynamo D-B client.
All right.
So one of the first thing that I have to do is provide a name for my table so I'm going to say table
way and I'm going to create a movie database movies table actually on dynamo DP.
So let's just give the table name as table name.
And we're going to make use of it very soon.
And what I'm going to do now I'm going to define my attributes.
So define attributes as the comment here and then I'm going to provide my dictionary attribute definitions.
All right.
So I'm going to create a dictionary and this is going to be actually an array of dictionary elements.
So I first have to create my array and within that array I'm going to create my dictionary and within
this dictionary I'm going to be providing my attributes as attribute name an attribute type definition
way.
So this is what is required for dynamic ATP.
So what I'm going to do now is attribute name whoops and this attribute is going to be year.
So the release date for the movie of course and and I'm going to then provide my attribute type as a
number.
So the system is going to be a year and a number.
This is going to be a type of number to indicate that I'm using and the dynamo DB type definition.
All right.
And the other attribute that I'm going to use is the title of the movie.
So for the title of course I'm going to have to use a string element.
So let's just say that I'm going to need a title attribute as my door.
And then I'm going to provide this type provide the attribute type as string.
So the capitalized the uppercase s to indicate that to Dynamo DP.
So this is everything I have to provide to Dynamo D-B to my attribute definitions.
So the next thing that I'm going to do is I'm going to define my key schema so key schema definitions
is going to be my comment here.
And then I'm going to do is I'm going to provide an array of key schema definitions for year and title
elements for my dynamic db table.
So let's just say the underscore schema and then provide the array of elements to dynamic DB.
So the first element of this array is going to be indicated as attribute names so I'm going to provide
the schema for the year attribute first.
And the key type for the year attribute.
So since I'm creating the key schema I have to provide the key type so key type for the year attribute
is going to be hash so that I can refer this year as my partition key and my sort key if I wanted to
about in this case since I'm using the hash type.
This is going to be my partition key.
And the other argument that I'm going to provide is my title.
All right.
So attribute name is title and then the key type for this attribute the title attribute is range.
So with this help of the range I'm going to be able to sort my elements within my dynamo D-B table.
So this is going to be as key.
All right.
And the last thing before I wrap up my table creation process is the initial IOPS so do read and write
capacity for my dynamo IDB table so I'm going to say initial IOPS as.
So this is again another dictionary.
And for the initial IOPS I'm going to provide my real capacity units
as 10 for starters.
And maybe I can just say five and then I'm going to provide my right capacity units again as 5.
All right.
So these are all the components that I need to compose a dynamo IDB table for starters.
So Lister's now create our dynamo D-B table.
So I'm going to take a response from my API call to a element dynamo D-B create table response and then
I'm simply going to call my method for creating my table.
So I'm going to pass in my table name then my attribute definitions and then my schema.
And finally my initial IOPS.
All right.
So this is basically everything I need to create my dynamo DB And let's just finally print out the statement
that created
dynamo D-B table named and table name.
And also let's just print out the response from dynamo DP and for that since this is going to be returning
a dictionary object to me and I can simply print this out with as it is.
So I have to wrap it around with a string definition so I'm going to get the dynamo D-B create table
response and Derrida's.
So for the last part let's just put a main method here so that we can call this method.
And as you can remember it is create dynamo D-B table.
And here we go.
So we're ready to create our dynamo table so let's just hit Tron and see what's going to happen.
Here we go our dynamo D-B table is created.
And as you can see we have all the attributes everything about our dynamo D-B from its Iarbus to keys
schema definitions.
Attribute definitions and everything about dynamo D-B is present within this a response.